welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode two
at the end of episode one iris was just
about to kill her first zombie which
they call
empties but uh she does a terrible job
there's no excuse for this she's
literally had a class on zombie killing
and still cannot manage to hit this
thing in the head
the only way she could possibly lose to
this one zombie is if she falls into the
ditch with it i thought for a second she
was gonna die right here and this whole
show was a hilarious joke but no she
survived and even with the zombie
totally at her mercy she still can't
actually kill it they decide to just
leave it there
the adults are on their trail trying to
bring him home felix and huck they're
not dating though they're just best
friends in fact felix is gay in this
episode we get his backstory of how his
father kicked him out but when the
zombie apocalypse happened he tried to
come home
and they're like no we'd rather have
zombies than a gay son this mission
brings felix close to his childhood home
where his homophobic dad is still
shuffling around he's gonna kill a
zombie dad get some catharsis but
the door is locked so i guess he just
doesn't meanwhile the kids find another
fun zombie this one's filled with bees
well
they have another close encounter where
elton also pathetically fails to kill a
zombie
silas is coming up he's got his big
wrench but oh he chickens out too
can't do it they just run away they
spend the night in a tree house they
found a bowling ball that belonged to
big mo
so they play the most boring game i
could possibly imagine someone needs to
give these kids an xbox the zombie from
before has followed them here so they
try to drop big mo on it but still fail
to kill it but that night hope can't
sleep she has her childhood trauma of
killing elton's mom so
channel that into some zombie killing
rage but no she is perhaps the most
pathetic of them all instead of just
stabbing this thing easily in the head
she keeps backtracking to the pool where
she oh falls in
god these kids do not deserve to survive
the zombie apocalypse anyway they make
it to a big obstacle a landmark called
the blaze of gory because it's a big
tire fire with a bunch of zombies in it
and for nonsensical television reasons
they can't go around they have to go
through now iris is a huge optimist
believes the world will recover one day
but her sister hope ironically has no
hope for the future she talks to elton
he was a huge dinosaur nerd and also
believes that this is humanity's
extinction event this vibe is supposed
to resonate i guess with the youth of
today because it does feel sometimes
like civilization is collapsing in any
case elton calls them the endlings the
last of a species and hope thinks that's
kind of cool so our crew's got a sweet
new name so the endlings are trying to
sneak through this junkyard and even
though they get surrounded by zombies
they somehow manage to not
kill a single one improbably they all
make it out of there alive but turns out
they didn't make it out
they just made it to the center now if
one of them sounds the tornado siren it
would distract the zombies allowing the
other three to pass through but that one
would be sacrificing themselves
they decided to sleep on it but hope
can't sleep again yeah she's going out
there to sound the siren and that's how
episode 2 comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button i'm doing the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap hit the join button support
the channel as a member